The next time they spoke was at the terrace of Lambad’s tavern. Faruzan knew he’d be there. Naturally, it was not a chance encounter. Not that she’d been stalking him or anything, no she would never do that. She didn’t have to mention the fact that this guy was practically impossible to stalk (not to say she tried), it seemed like he could only be found if he wanted to be found. 

After their first encounter she stopped waiting after his lectures. There was no point in hounding him after they had their first exchange. Sadly, it didn’t exactly have the desired results. She figured she was justified in seeking him out that very first time. She wouldn’t have had to keep showing up if he didn’t run away all the time. And that conversation was necessary, if only to ease her old mind. But she didn’t want to disturb him during his study hours any longer. 

Having said that…

He also let it slip that he had a regular tea break, and—not that she went looking for him—was unsurprised to find him exactly a week later calmly sipping tea without a care in the world at Lambad’s tavern. 

She didn’t approach him—again, she has to reiterate it was purely coincidence. She merely filed away the information of his presence for future reference. As much as she wanted to chew him out for his conduct, the way things were right now she would only give him fuel to mock her more. Especially since she hadn’t completed her new Vairambhaka gear yet. 

One week later, she saw him quietly sipping tea (or was it coffee?) again, an assortment of what she presumed to be research papers strawn on the table. She wasn’t looking for him or anything, but her usual route just happened to bring her past the tavern. She stopped, for it was too early. Once again she didn’t greet him, even if that would have been the polite thing to do. She’d just let him sit on his lonesome for now. 

Next week would be her moment to strike. If all went well, the new version of her Vairambhaka gear would be finished and then he would eat his words!

”Good afternoon, Hat Guy,” Faruzan confidently propped her new Vairambhaka gear on the table, puffing up her chest as she presented her work. Hat Guy did not seem amused. 

“What do you want, Git?” His eyes shifted between her and the machine, but other than his expression there was no apparent movement. It was almost disappointing how he did not even seem unpleasantly surprised. Well, no matter. She just chalked it up to his wary nature. He probably saw her coming from a mile away. There was no reason to be alarmed, and thus she kept her proud smirk trained on her face. 

“Mind if I join you, little dingbat?”

He sighed and waved her loosely away as he grabbed for his tea. “This seat is taken.”

“Well,” Faruzan said as she haughtily looked around, “I see nobody.”

”And nobody is more important than you,” he immediately quipped. He finally took that long awaited sip of his tea, expression calm and self satisfied. Did he really think this was enough to chase her away? She might have been impetuous during their previous encounter, but Faruzan had a new gameplan. Why, how does one teach kindness and selflessness without being kind themselves. And so she clasped her hands together on her heart in unadulterated excitement as she gave him her purest smile. 

“Awwww, thank you!” She chimed. “No one has ever said that to me before!”

”Of course no-“ She eagerly sat down, beaming. “Fine whatever. As long as you stay quiet.”

”Actually, I have something to say to you.”

He rolled his eyes. “Of course you do.” 

“Don’t be such a grumbletonian, let me just-“ once again she scanned the tavern. This time her eyes stopped on a passing waiter at whom she vigorously waved. “Let me order first.” 

The waiter immediately approached them, and aside from soft mutters about ‘the energy of this old hag’, Hat Guy remained quiet as she made her order: Some chai with milk and what would currently fly for an Ajilenakh cake. She never had one that wasn’t traditionally baked, so she wondered in what way the recipe had changed over the century. 

“You’re not thinking of letting me pay for your meal as some sort of compensation, are you?” He said as soon as the food arrived.

Faruzan paused for a second. “Huh, that’s a great idea! You really are a bright young man!” He stiffened. The robotic reaction almost made her giggle. “But no, I jest. If I let you pay I would have informed you beforehand. I’m not a monster!” Somehow he didn’t look convinced. “Besides, I may lack funding, but I know how to manage my finances. I’m not that broke.” I’m not Kaveh, she joked in her mind. “In fact, I’m even willing to pay for your tea if-“ 

“I will not say sorry.” 

“Well, you just did.”

”You’re so funny.” 

“Agreed.” Faruzan shrugged and stuffed her mouth with some cake. She was pleasantly surprised by the taste! Although it did not have the same texture and richness in taste as the traditionally charcoal baked Ajilenakh cake, Kaveh was not lying when he told her it was a fine pastry. She would have finished the cake in the span of a minute, if it wasn’t for the abject horror on Hat Guy’s face as he eyed both her and the cake. 

Faruzan straightened her back, wiped her mouth and took a sip of her chai to flush the cake away. “As I was saying. I am willing to pay for you if you stay well behaved. I won’t pay for your apology. A bribed apology is as good as none at all.”

”I have no need for your mora anyway,” he shrugged as he raised his tea. “I’m not the one paying for this.”

Faruzan couldn’t stop her gasp. “Don’t tell me you have a-a-sugar patron!” He almost spit out his tea.

”Are you implying that I-“

”Wait, or do you mean you are going to drink and dash???”

”What? No! I know that you know I’m a regular here. Is that big head of yours full of anemo?” He shook his head and grumbled. “You think they’d let me sit here if I drink and dash?”

”Yes, you’re correct,” she rescinded her previous accusation. “Then what do you mean when-“

”Look,” he cut her off. “That’s not important. Just tell me what it is you wanted to say before you interrupted my quiet time.” He paused as Faruzan gathered her scrambled thoughts, still distracted by whoever his mysterious benefactor could be. “You didn’t just come here to antagonise me, did you?”

“Ahh, yes! Thank you for reminding me youngster.” He narrowed his eyes at her as she once again fixed her posture. “I came here…” this time she had to swallow her pride. “To tell you that you were right?”

She observed how his eyes widened for only a fraction of a second, before returning to its suspicious scowl. His mouth however, did not get the memo, and still expressed his genuine surprise. “What?” 

Faruzan gently put her hand on the Vairambhaka gear beside her. “If I want to be able to use my Vairambhaka gear during my expeditions it needs to be able to withstand the likes of you. And that is why I’m asking you, politely of course, to test my new prototype.” She hoped that explanation would suffice and that her display of kindness and politeness would be enough to sway his mind. She didn’t expect his face to sour as soon as she stopped speaking though. 

“Prototype?” He said, almost offended. Faruzan blinked in confusion, for she could not understand his apprehension. “Now why would I help you with that?”

”Because…” Faruzan hesitated, caught off guard by his reaction. “Because it’s nice to help your elders?”

He chuckled. “Hah! In case you haven’t noticed, I’m not exactly the nicest person around. There’s really no reason to ask me specifically. Why didn’t you save yourself the trouble by asking somebody else.” 

“It’s a pity you see it that way.”

He only hums in reply, returning his attention to his tea. 

She is stumped. Of course, there was always a chance that he was going to say no. In fact, his rejection made more sense than his acceptance. And sure, she knew he was going to be unpleasant, but why did it sound like his harsh words were directed more at himself than they were at her? That wouldn’t do! Youth should be full of vigour and confidence. She took another few more bites out of her cake, hoping to get her little grey cells to work. There must’ve been some way to make her offer more fun and enticing to him?

”To think you would turn down the chance to put your abilities to the test. You seemed to have a lot of fun sparring with Cyno during the tournament,” Faruzan prodded. “I would have given you permission to… as the kids say, wreck some shit.”

He scoffed. “I doubt you can make anything that can withstand my power.” 

“Oh?” There it is, that infuriating brashness of his. Somehow, it managed to lift her mood. “If it can’t, I’ll just make it better and stronger. The way I see it, this is an opportunity for the both of us!”

”Hmmm,” he pondered, looking into his now empty teacup. He actually seemed to be considering it! “What do you do if your ‘prototype’ is a failure? Are you just going to throw it away? I don’t think you have the resources to start from scratch every time, though you might have the time since you’re here bothering me instead of teaching some courses.”

”I do give lectures!” She harrumphed. What’s with the sudden negativity? Of course, she was talking to Hat Guy, he just had to twist everything in a negative way. “I just don’t give lectures at the Akademiya. They’re not just meant for ignorant, ungrateful students! No, I share my knowledge with the general public.”

”Right.”

”And it’s not like I would have to start from scratch! I’ll fix my Vairambhaka gear as many times as it takes until it’s perfected. Maybe I’ll need to replace a few parts here and there, but I’ll take my chances in the desert as often as necessary!” It took her until the end of her little speech to realise that she had risen up in excitement. 

“How passionate. I don’t dislike it,” he said. It almost sounded sarcastic, but she could tell it wasn’t a lie. “Seems like you really care about that little creation of yours.”

”Of course,” she sat down and lightly embraced the Vairambhaka gear. “It’s like a child to me!”

”And yet you want me to destroy it over and over again.” He chuckled. “Well, madam Minikin, seems like you’re a bit more violent than I thought. I almost feel bad for it.” 

“Well that’s—Minikin?—ugh Nevermind,” Faruzan sighed. “Look, it’s better to test it in a safe environment than to lose sight of it in the desert or the jungle. That way, it’s prepared for any unforseen circumstances during my expeditions.”

”I see your point,” he laughed dryly. “Fine then, I’ll help you out.”

”Really? How wonderful!” She clasped her hands in excitement, and would have jumped if she was still standing.

“Don’t get too excited,” he grumbled. She thought she saw a little smile, his lips turned down in an equally genuine scowl. “You’re literally asking me to kill your prototype.”

”Shush now, let me eat.” 

He rolled his eyes and instead of leaving simply ordered another tea. “You really are an imbecile.”

Faruzan merely laughed at his response. Of course, he had to end the conversation with an insult. She was no different really. As they silently sat together, her eating her pastries and him ordering some more tea she couldn’t help but wonder about his strange demeanour. He was certainly a lot more docile and approachable than he had been before. Sure, he was a bit snappy, but he wasn’t as mean and condescending as she thought he would be. Could it be that his more than rude attitude last time really was just the result of her admittedly unfair accusations? Was this calm and silent Hat Guy actually his default state?

“Something on my face?” He raised a questioning eyebrow at her, and embarrassed she realised she had been staring. 

“You’re so odd,” she merely said. He frowned. Her response seemed to make him a little uncomfortable, but he said nothing. He really was so strangely composed. What a remarkable guy.

“Wretched Vermin!”

He was, in fact, not a calm and composed individual. If anything, he was the opposite of that. He was vile, immature and violent, and her poor Vairambhaka gear was the unfortunate victim of all that. They were at an empty spot just outside of the city gates, far enough away from civilisation for him to completely let loose. And letting loose he did. What started as a simple flurry of anemo attacks, quickly turned into complete decimation. How was this menace of a man so powerful? She was glad they weren’t in the forest, she was sure he could have upturned trees if he wanted to. 

“What are you crying about? Isn’t this what you asked for?” He had a mean laugh as he picked up a broken piece and disintegrated it into nothingness in a flurry of anemo. “Don’t tell me you thought I’d hold back.”

“My Vairambhaka gear…” Faruzan crouched down to pick at the dust beneath his feet. What a waste of parts!

”Tsk, I was actually enjoying this, but seeing you whine like this…” he paused as he crossed his arms to briefly consider his words. A wicked smile suddenly appeared on his face. “Actually, that might just make it a bit more amusing.”

”You didn’t have to destroy the parts too!” she retorted. 

“What’s the big deal?” He asked. “You said you could replace them.”

”I know, I just…” Faruzan dropped her face in her hands. Curse the things she said in a state of passion. Of course, she wasn’t lying when she said she’d replace anything necessary, but still… “I didn’t want to replace everything—you really are as bad as they say!”

He turned away, but not before she observed the slight narrowing of his eyes. “You could have asked anyone, and yet you came to me. Haha, I’m starting to think you’re a masochist.” He kneeled down, picking up the pieces and gathering them in his arms. She would have appreciated the gesture if it wasn’t for his unnecessary yapping. “Actually, that’s unsurprising. Don’t you always refuse offers from Kshahrewar? Your life would be so much better if you-“

”I didn’t ask you to mock me,” Faruzan cut him off. He rolled his eyes. The nerve.

”That was actually a rare case of me giving you advice. I’m not one to sugarcoat things.” He scoffed. “If you didn’t want to be mocked, you should’ve just asked someone else.”

Faruzan said nothing in response. It was true, everything he said thus far about her rang true, but that’s not what was the issue here. She couldn’t tell if he was equally honest about himself. Was he just trying to dissuade her from ever asking for his help or did he actually enjoy being mean? Any anger she had before dissipated in the face of this strange man… this strange puzzle. 

“I really don’t get you.” It wasn’t Faruzan who spoke, it was Hat guy. He had turned back to face her, his words reflecting her thoughts like a mirror, because she too didn’t get him at all. 

She laughed and he recoiled, taken aback by her unusual response

“What’s so funny?” He hissed. “You really are crazy in the head.”

”The feeling is mutual,” Faruzan said, wiping away the tears that were gathering. “I also don’t understand you. If anything, you’re even a bigger enigma than me!”

”Weirdo.”

”But if we understood everything about everyone, what’s the fun in learning?”

He hid his face behind his hat, seemingly deep in thought. “Got it,” he said after a short while. “There’s no worth in people after you’ve learned everything about them.”

”That’s one way to purposefully misconstrue my words,” Faruzan responded with a sigh. 

“Is it really though? As far as I can tell you’re just wasting my time because you’re bored, and I’m just another puzzle for you to solve.” He grinned as he chose his next few words. “That, and you don’t have any real friends to bother.”

Wow. What an insolent brat. It stung. It hurt, because once again he was right. It wasn’t that she was bored… but really, what else could she do but improve her inventions without funding for her research or support in her academic endeavours? And she supposed it was true that… the fact that he was so strange was indeed a point of interest to her. Is that why she asked him to help her out? And then… it was also true that she had no friends. No real good friends at least. Sure, there was Kaveh, a bright junior of hers, and that brat Tighnari. And of course, sweet little Collei.

But as much as she loved them, what did she really add to their lives? She appreciated them, she really did, but sometimes she wondered if it was just pity. They had their own duties, their own friends and their own lives, and nothing would change if Faruzan would go on another expedition and get trapped again. It was almost laughable how accurate this troublesome youth was. He claimed he didn’t get her, but he knew exactly what to say to get under her skin. Perhaps he really just wanted to make her cry. Perhaps he really was nothing more than a crude, mean, unpleasant person.

But she couldn’t just give him the satisfaction of showing any weakness. Wasn’t she going to tell him off? Wasn’t she going to—oh

“Wow, how interesting,” she remarked. If he wanted to hurt her he easily reached his goal. Somehow, a few more pieces of the puzzle that was Hat Guy fell into place. He narrowed his eyes, clearly displeased by the few words she said. 

“Now that’s exactly what I mean. You’re trying to psychoanalyse me.”

”And you’re trying to hurt me,” she responded with indignation. “You always know exactly what to say to make someone feel bad! That’s a skill in itself.”

”Hah, I’m just saying it like it is.” He shifted his eyes nervously. “You seem more intrigued than upset about it, that’s…honestly disturbing.”

”So what?” She puffed out her chest and pointed at herself “I am in fact very hurt by your words!” She emphasised that last bit by poking him smack in the middle of his chest. He made a weak shooing motion at her finger, but didn’t smack it away.

“Fine, whatever you say you old crone.”

”Very well,” Faruzan chimed happily, ignoring his crude jibe. “Having said that, have you ever heard of Theory of Mind? Or social cognition?”

”I’m not here to listen to you ramble on about such topics.”

“Well, I’m first and foremost an educator,” Faruzan said with a shrug, “And since you’re such a clever young man I’m sure you have no problem grasping the topic!”

He was staring pointedly at her finger, still trained on his chest. She could feel his dissatisfied grumble, prompting her to summon back her hand. Her finger moved it to her chin as she took up a thinking position and gathered her next few words. His eyes somehow followed. What an odd fellow. Despite his protests he was still standing there. Of course, he too was a scholar! He must be curious about what wise words she could impart on him!

”You see, Theory of Mind ability is to understand the world from a different point of view. Or rather… to understand that other people can have very different thoughts, feelings and desires than you! And with this social cognitive ability you can not only figure out someone’s likes and dislikes, but also the best way to please or hurt someone! I guess in layman’s terms it’s comparable to empathy. It's not exactly the same though…”

”What does this have to do with Haravatat—you know, never mind…”

”Haha!” Faruzan put her hand in the air. It was time for a lecture! “Haravatat deals with the study of language and communication. Of course having social cognitive abilities falls within the domain of communication. How can you communicate when you cannot know what your conversation partner may or may not understand? You need to get a sense of someone else’s mind to convey your message in a coherent way. And well, let us skip Grice’s maxims for now, but there has been much research in the efficiency of communication as well.

"Of course, this is not my exact field of expertise, but in a way, understanding how people used to think in Deshreth’s civilisations is pivotal in deciphering the texts of ancient ruins. After all, it’s easier to crack a code created by someone you know than by someone who’s thought process is a complete enigma. Thus, once you understand the people of ancient times you can also understand their means of communication, their codes and their puzzles.” She clapped her hands as if to conclude, but her mouth only continued on. The surroundings a complete blur to her mind. “It’s also theorised that having social cognition is a pivotal aspect of humanity. Though, there is evidence that some other creatures have social cognitive abilities. It’s hard to test for though. Due to the lack of communication, we can’t exactly tell what they are thinking.”

Hat guy raised an eyebrow. “Your point is?” 

“Well, I mentioned empathy, right?” He nodded. How splendid, he was definitely listening. “There was this hypothesis that people with high social cognitive ability are kind and thoughtful people. But research with children in schools indicates that it’s the bullies that apparently have high social cognitive ability! Wonderful isn’t it?” He scrunched his nose. “It makes a lot of sense when you think about it. If you really want to bully someone, you hit them where it hurts. If you want to psychologically torture someone, it’s more effective when you have the ability to empathise in a way that you can delve into their minds most accurately to find their sensitivities.” Hat guy made a face that seemed conflicted, but she paid it no mind as she continued her story. “I think you have very high social cognitive ability! I mean, you insult me in ways that are specifically designed to upset me. As I said, that’s really impressive.”

”You’re just easy to rile up.”

”And yet you always make it feel so personal.”

”Hah,” he waved his hand as if to reject her premise. “You’ve created a paradox here.”

”Oh?”

”You tell me my words are so scathing that I hit you where it hurts, but instead of crying, leaving or yelling, you get all excited and start giving me a lecture.” Once again, he crossed his arms. “You don’t seem upset at all, which means your assessment is wrong. You overestimate my ability to hurt you with my words.”

Faruan laughed. “My melancholy was trumped by the joy of this new discovery about you.”

He narrowed his eyes and took a step back. “Was this entire spiel just an elaborate way to mock me?”

”It was an attempt to educate you, Hattie.” 

“I really don’t get you at all,” he said with a scoff. “Doesn’t that contradict your point? I can’t understand what’s going on in that anemo addled brain of yours at all. The only thing I’m correct about is that you’re absolutely bonkers.”

”You seem to have a good grasp on people.”

He actually let out a humourless laugh. “I guess you’re admitting you’re senile.”

”It’s simply my observation.” Faruzan shrugged and kneeled down again. Her focus shifted to the broken parts scattered on the ground and she picked them up to slowly compile them into two sad heaps. There was no point in arguing anymore, they were only going in circles. Though she had to admit that, once again, his assessment wasn’t wrong. Her reaction to his potty mouth was certainly not one he seemed to have expected. But that’s the thing with humans. They weren’t machines, they could not be completely simulated. She even surprised herself—well, not the fact that she started mouthing off about some research—but rather the fact that she could ignore the pain she felt to speak on said topics instead. 

Faruzan sighed to herself. Perhaps that was also the result of her loneliness. She needed more friends, more people that would actually listen to her hyperfixations, more… students. 

“You said it was something specifically human?” He said suddenly, pulling her out of her thoughts. She didn’t know how much time had passed, but somewhere along the way they had both changed positions. He stared intently at her as he formed his words. “What about machines? Can they have this ability?”

Her expression must have surprised him, for he recoiled once again. “You’re certainly asking the right person, youngster!” Faruzan rose to stand up straight again, hands waving in the air like she was celebrating something grand. Hat Guy merely followed her to his feet. “While it may sometimes seem like machines can read our minds and predict our movements when we face them, most of these predictions are simply based on calculations and predetermined commands. If a machine can learn, these calculations are based on prior experiences. It’s certainly true that a human also learns from prior experiences though. After all, your opinions on my mindset are based on rumours and predictions too. The difference is that we can make assumptions on why we act or feel a certain way.” 

Hat Guy frowned, though she couldn’t quite tell if it was due to confusion or apprehension. Perhaps she had to give an example to illustrate her point. Yes, she had to bring out her SEXI paragraphs. State, EXplain, Illustrate! “Let’s say you’re a machine, and your goal was to insult me,”

“Yeah,” he deadpanned.

“You’d probably have to delve into your memories and go through many experiences to see what taunts are the most upsetting. Bonus points if these include encounters with me specifically, where an insult would grant you the desired reaction. Thus, you can learn how to slight me without actually understanding why these words have the desired effect. It’s just input and output. The Liyuen room!”

He raised an eyebrow. Right, he didn't know what that was. No matter, she'd explain that later.

“However, since you’re human, you don’t have to see me react to specific provocations in order to know what riles me up. Instead you can pick your words based on circumstantial knowledge, like…” She hesitated for a bit, but decided to finish her explanation for the sake of education. “Like the fact that you haven’t seen me interact with many other people in a… positive, friendly context. To a machine, the words ‘You have no friends’ have no meaning beyond the observed reaction. But as a human, you know exactly what it means and why it makes me upset.”

”Except,” he replied, “Instead of giving me the intended reaction you just started talking a lot.”

”Well, unlike machines, humans are unpredictable too. We weren’t programmed to act a certain way or fulfil a certain purpose. We just… are.” Faruzan laughed, her mind fluttering back to one of her earlier quips. “That’s why even when we learn everything about someone, there will still always be surprises. In fact, since we’re in a constant state of change it’s impossible to learn everything about someone.” 

“So humans will always be puzzles?” Hat guy looked to the side, his eyes seemingly bored, but his voice betrayed a teeming curiosity. She didn’t quite understand why he was still pretending to be a reluctant listener, but she supposed that was just part of the mystery.

”Yes,” she said. “To me machines will always be easier to understand. There’s no one that I can get more than a machine. Not even myself!” Then her eyes fell to the grassy floor, suddenly reminded of the machine they came here to test. “Though it’ll take even me some effort to completely fix the Vairambhaka gear again.” She sighed and he chuckled. 

“Surely that’ll be no issue for the great Madam Faruzan?” 

“Finally you address me correctly,” Faruzan replied smugly. “And indeed, it is as you say. If anyone can make anything out of this mess, it’s me.”

He hummed, as he stared wistfully at the river flowing below them. 

“Why don’t you just give up on the project?” he said. “The way I see it, a machine that can’t do its job is worthless.”

Faruzan perked up. “Is that how you see it?” What an odd point of view. “If we gave up that easily, society wouldn’t be as advanced as it is right now! Look at how much has changed in a century!”

“Indeed.”

“Innovation has progressed so quickly, even I sometimes have a hard time keeping up–hey, were you trying to change the subject?”

He sighed. “I thought you were done with your lecture. Besides, what else is left to say?” He rolled his eyes and scoffed again. “Humans and machines are different because humans are unpredictable and I’m the perfect bully because according to you I have high social cognitive ability.” At that he turned his eyes back to her, as if asking for confirmation.

“Precisely!” she beamed. “You really are a smart cookie, and a good listener too!” He narrowed his eyes and looked away again. It was striking how expressive his eyes were, even when the rest of his being remained doll-like and static. That reminded her, the most exuberant she had seen him was when he was trying to mock her. Now that wouldn’t do. “Aaand humans are partially more unpredictable because unlike machines we are much more subject to change. The way I see it you can put your social cognitive ability to use by being more empathetic and hmmm… polite, perhaps?”

His reaction was immediate, a quick flare of anger and frustration entered his face. “Oh by Buer. Don’t tell me you’re still thinking of fixing my attitude! I’m telling you old hag, you are delusional and that would be a complete waste of time. Heh,” he smiled. “I’m not going to apologise for breaking that useless toy of yours. It’s entirely your own fault that the machine is dysfunctional, you loser. You should just discard it.”

Faruzan fumed as he insulted her again. Really? Loser? How childish. 

But she knew that he was only trying to get her to react. He could probably see a plethora of emotions going through her face until finally she settled on a begrudging smile. “Ah dear Hat Guy, since my social cognitive ability is low, I’ll choose to believe that your senseless insults came from a place of concern.” She almost has to laugh at the confusion in his face. It pleased her greatly that this strategy was working, and it pleased her even more that he left her an opening to educate him even more! “That said, I can give you a lecture on why we as humans may have a hard time discarding machines that we have already gotten attached to. In fact this is a phenomenon that is also quite common in engaging in fiction. Oh I could speak for hours on this topic too!”

“Wait–”

“It’s a shame I’ll have to first recover the parts of my Vairambhaka gear you so lovingly demolished once again. Oh I know!”

“No.”

“How about you’ll be my student? You’re intelligent and highly curious. You wouldn’t be my favourite, but at the very least I know that my knowledge is not wasted on you.”

At that he full on laughed, though Faruzan could not quite figure out if it was to mock her, or if he thought she was trying to mock him. It was true that when she started talking she did so with a hint of irony. But she meant what she said about intellect and apparent thirst for knowledge. He seemed more motivated to learn than he let on, and that was exactly the kind of student she wanted. 

“Why are you laughing?”

“You’re right,” he said, wiping away a tear from the corner of his eye. “Your social cognitive ability is really low. What makes you think I would want to be your student? You’re a cumberworld and Buer knows I’ve already got enough people trying to impart their wisdom on me to make me… better.”

Faruzan gasped. 

He ignored her. “Not to mention that you’re an aggravating, irritating, bawheed. I hope those are enough words to not misinterpret my intentions, even if you are a brainless buffoon.”

“Oh don’t worry Hat Guy, I’m well aware that you’re a bad-mannered, boorish, punk!”  

“Well, you’re not going to be able to change that, Dorbel”

”What a shame,” she said with a dramatic sigh. “You have so much potential. But perhaps it’ll just take some time for you to realise my genius.”

”Fat chance. I know genius, and this ain’t it!”

”Y-you!” Now that was crossing the line. “Hmph! I knew you were rude and uncouth, but I didn’t take you for a liar.” She turned up her nose and waved him away. “Very well then, we’ll end today's sessions here.”

As much as she enjoyed this conversation, they were only going in circles, and she didn’t want to leave her broken Vairambhaka gear to waste on the grassy ground.

”Today's session?” He questioned incredulously. “You’re not implying there are going to be more?”

Once again she waved him away, this time with both her hands. “Shoo, and leave me to grieve version 3.0 as I recover the fallen pieces.”

”Fine,” he said, quirking up a smile. “Do whatever you want.” He summoned his halo and slowly lifted himself into the air to leave. He could have just swiftly flown into the Sumeru sky, but of course he needed to have some final words. Unexpectedly, it was not an insult. “I still think you’re wasting your time with that thing.”

Faruzan groaned. “Ugh, why don’t you go kick rocks with those open toed shoes of yours!”

He grinned as he flew even higher, pausing with a gleeful leer. It was a sight that was frustratingly familiar to Faruzan. “What rocks?” He said snickering. “The ground is so far beneath me, you might as well be a worm!”

Faruzan threw her hands in the air, balled into angry fists. “May Morax strike you!”

He gave her the finger and sped away laughing. The audacity of this bi-

She had to stop her thoughts right there. She had done so well staying calm the entire time, after all.

Faruzan sighed. Time to forget about that brat and clean up. It was at that moment she realised the ground had already been cleared of scraps. Instead all the broken parts were already organised in two heaps. She saw the broken pieces he had crushed in one pile, and recognised that those, along with everything else in that pile could not be salvaged. The other pile on the other hand appeared to contain pieces that could be reused. luckily it was much bigger. Of course she'd have to sort through everything herself, but still…

It could only have been Hat Guy. When did he have the time to do that?

Oh, she could briefly recall him moving around while she was talking. Was her explanation that long winded? Well, she couldn't help that the topic was incredibly interesting to her, and despite the fact that he had apparently been scavenging the floor for parts and despite his recurrent protests and insults, he was also intently listening. His purposeful questions and contributions told her so.

Faruzan wasn't sure what to think of him. He seemed like a walking contradiction. She did know how to feel though, she felt incredibly touched.

She'd have to thank him the next time she'd see him.