It all started at the Interdarshan tournament when that brutish brat broke her Vairambhaka gear. He did not just break it, nope. He even stopped and gloated before flying away with the diadem! When she sought him out after the match to ask for an apology, he had already vanished into thin air. 

The very first time since Faruzan saw him roaming around Sumeru city was a whopping two weeks after the tournament. Wasn’t he supposed to be an akademiya student? How come she hadn’t seen him there at all? Surely someone with such a conspicuous hat would stand out? But no, she found him when she was shopping in the grand bazaar. This was her chance to get a well deserved apology! But just as she set to approach him—ready to give him an earful for destroying her device—he was gone. Did he see her coming and escape? She was aware of her rather large presence , but in the hustle and bustle of the grand bazaar, surely he wouldn’t notice her admittedly tiny stature?

”Drat,” she grumbled to herself. She needed a better game plan than ‘walk around Sumeru city and hope for the best’ if she wanted him to apologise. It was time for research. She laughed to herself, ignoring the stares of confuddled passersby. Of course, as one of the best scholars the Akademiya had ever produced, this method was sure to yield positive results!

Her starting point was of course Vahumana. After asking around it seemed that even there he was some sort of urban legend. He simply appeared one day, gave a scathing review to some Vahumana student’s paper, and next thing they knew he represented them during the interdarshan tournament. Nobody knew who he was or where he came from, so it was unlikely that the people of Vahumana appointed him as their representative. But the way he was acting all unbothered and uninterested during the first two rounds, she couldn’t imagine that he signed himself up. Unless… he was trying to make a mockery of the entire event—perhaps that’s why he showed no effort until the final round! He was showing off his prowess with his vision, from fending off all incoming dangers including the general Mahamatra himself, to even destroying her Vairambhaka gear! Argh the memory left her reeling in anger!

Especially when she found out that all of these actions had led to the creation of a small fanclub. 

Faruzan took a deep breath to calm herself down before speaking with these nitwits. Sure, he might have been capable, but she could find no other reason to admire someone like him. Either way, information is information. 

“He’s so mysterious,” one of his fans cood. That’s exactly the problem, Faruzan replied in her mind. “He’s also very beautiful, isn’t he?”

Faruzan couldn’t quite remember his face that well… except for the malignant smile he gave her after striking down her masterpiece. She furrowed her brows. Nope, she could find no beauty in that. 

“And-“ another fan continued. “When I praised his academic work he called me a pest! Ahhh, the way he looked at me like I was an insect!”

”Are you a masochist?” Faruzan interrupted. The girl gave her an embarrassed laugh. “Nevermind that,” Faruzan continues, foregoing that train of thought. There’s no point going into the girl’s specific preferences, that’s not what she was here for. “I presume that means you spoke to him then. Does he show up to class?”

”Well, he only shows up to mandatory classes, but as soon as the class ends he’s gone.” The girl got a faraway look in her eyes. “Unfortunately, I only got to speak to him that one time…”

”I understand, could you perchance tell me more at which classes I can find him, then?”  

The first girl chimed in again. “Are you interested in joining the fanclub, madam Faruzan?” 

Faruzan raised an eyebrow as the apparent masochist awkwardly laughed. “I would merely like to have a word with him, that’s all. I have no intention of becoming your competition.”

”Of course,” the girl said. “I wasn’t nervous about that, haha.”

Strange people, these Vahumana students. What could they possibly be thinking about? No matter. She had better things to do than deciphering the minds of young fangirls, though that might just end up being an interesting puzzle indeed. Either way, it didn’t take much prodding to get the desired information and so this little conversation had proved to be most fruitful! Not only did she find out his schedule, she also gained insight on what kind of person she was dealing with. 

Apparently he thought himself above the akademiya if he didn’t even care to respect the professors by attending their classes, but if he was present for the mandatory ones it meant he had no intention to flunk. Moreover, despite his flakiness and apparent rudeness he was still praised for his work, even by those who were not in his fanclub. Even if he failed to respect the akademiya, he must have had some interest in the topics he had been writing about, which was…

”The political climate of Inazuma…” Faruzan pulled out the journal that supposedly had one of his essays. She had decided that the next course of action was to collect a body of literature she could reference in her dealings with this guy. She found his paper in no time. It was authored by ‘Hat guy’.

”How odd,” she mumbled to herself. That certainly added to the mystery of the situation. If even the akademiya allowed him to sign his papers like that, even they must not know his real name. Regardless, getting your name in a journal as a new student was considered a big deal, so she had high expectations. 

The paper was very to the point, just the way she liked it. Every point of contention was thoroughly, but concisely, explored. Though she was not extremely familiar with the history of Inazuma, the paper managed to provide her with a very clear picture. The only parts she would have marked down involved his rather rigid perspective. Though it’s good to view these topics from a critical lens, the way he approached the reproval almost seemed personal to her. Another oddity was his vocabulary. Though it wasn’t very often, every now and then he would use words that would now be considered archaic. As a Haravatat professor, the paper scratched an itch she did not know she had, though she hadn’t had the chance to review many papers, she would have been proud if this came from one of her (nonexistent) students. This Hat Guy had potential. 

“How infuriating,” she muttered under her breath.

A few days later she was standing outside of the lecture hall he was supposedly in. She cursed underneath her breath. There were so many people! If only she could have half of these students, but alas. 

She peeked inside, and sure enough, Hat guy was sitting in the back. He looked just as uninterested as he did during the tournament, but something told her he was still soaking up all the information. Faruzan decided to wait until class was over, but her eyes remained trained on him until the end. She would give him no chance to escape!

”You!” She ran towards him as soon as the professor ended class. “Hat guy-“

”No.” He merely said as he walked away from her without even granting her a glance. Where was he even going? There was no door where he was heading-

Did he just jump out the window to avoid talking to her?

This little dance continued for a few days, for as long as she had free time during his classes until finally he acquiesced. 

“What do you want?” He breathed out.

”I’d merely like to have a word, that’s all,” Faruzan said smiling. “Am I that much of a horror that you have to jump out of the window every time?”

With that he finally looked at her, his violet eyes etched into a seemingly permanent scowl. “Fine, but make it quick. I have better things to do.”

”The length of our conversation will depend on you.” Faruzan motioned for him to follow so they could chat in a more quiet place. She could feel the eyes of the other students and she had no intention of making this a public spectacle. He followed without a word, most likely just as wary for unwanted onlookers as her.

“Well?” she said when they had found a place to talk, her hands resting on her hips authoritatively. 

“Well what? You’re the one who wanted to talk to me.” He crossed his arms and looked away. The nerve of this scunner! Maybe he needed a refresher.

“Remember the Interdarshan tournament?” She started her spiel. “You destroyed my Vairambhaka gear.”

“Your what now?” He voiced uninterested.

“My Vai–my anemo device. You destroyed it during the final round!”

For a second he seemed to be parsing the information before he settled on a smug smile. “Yes, and?”

“That means you owe me an apology.” Faruzan mirrored him and also crossed her arms, straightening her back to appear that tiny bit taller. He was unimpressed and merely rolled his eyes.

“If I do that, will you stop bothering me?”

“I will,” she said, proudly placing her hand on her chest. She was a good person, and she saw no need to make him squirm. “If you are genuine and show regret, that is.”

She smiled up at him and she could see the gears moving in his mind as he figured out how to best appease her. After reading his paper, Faruzan could only wonder how magnificently he could word an apology. She thought it would take a lot more convincing, but there was no need to drag this out. Of course her charms were incontrovertible. She should use them more to get her way! 

Finally, he scoffed. 

What?

“You call that little toy a functional device?”

“Excuse me?” Faruzan replied, mouth agape.

“You heard me,” he said. “That thing went haywire just from a little tap. It wouldn't survive a day in the real world. It's not very well designed now, is it?”

Calm down, Faruzan. There's no need to commit war crimes just yet.  

How dare he insult her masterpiece? Sure, it got damaged more easily than she thought it would, but she put her blood, sweat and tears into that machine (mostly sweat, since she had to spend a large amount of time in the desert to find parts.) 

She found herself reciting familiar mantras in her head in order to stop herself from physically maiming this guy. She wasn't here for violence. No, she wanted an apology, so she reminded herself to stick to the plan.

“ I'm hearing a lot of words,” she said as calmly as she could. “But none of them were ‘Sorry, madam’ or ‘my apologies’. Why don't you try again?”

He raised an unbelieving eyebrow at her. “I wouldn't be genuine and the only regret I have is the fact that I'm getting stalked by an annoying deranged old bat.”

“I prefer the term persistent enraged senior lady.”

He rolled his eyes. “You’re delusional. Do you really think you deserve an apology? You’re the one that attacked me, remember. The way I see it… striking down your little project was simply self defence.”

”Hah! Kids these days really have no sense of respect. Back in my day when you damage someone else’s belongings, you apologise and pay up.” Faruzan stuck up her nose, giving him a forced smile. “You should be happy I’m not asking for reimbursements.” 

Hat guy responded with a similarly strained smile. “In that case you should be the one thanking me . Who knows how much you’d have to pay if that failure of an invention of yours had damaged me. As far as I’m aware you can’t even get the funds for your research. You should consider it an act of benevolence that I not only spared you from going into debt, but also showed you just how incompetent your machine was.” 

“You little…” 

”What? Cat got your tongue? I expected more from Haravatat’s infamous madam Faruzan. How boring.” His smile faded, leaving behind what seemed like genuine disappointment. 

And the worst thing was that he wasn’t wrong. 

At the end of the day it was a tournament. Faruzan used her Vairambhaka gear to attack him and attain the diadem, he simply defended himself. And the ease with which he fended off her device was a blow to her pride. It took him just one strike to make it go haywire, showing her there was indeed a fault in its design. Even so, he knew exactly what he was doing when he paused mid flight and gave her the most self satisfied cocky grin. The mental image was enough to fan her ire again. 

“You bring up great points, actually. The tournament was a free for all after all, and the Vairambhaka gear wasn’t made for combat. I would have been so inclined to agree with you if it wasn’t for your terrible attitude!” Faruzan said fuming. “You see, I will have that apology. If not for the destruction of property then at least for your less than stellar behaviour! Yes, that’s it,” she frantically laughed to herself. “I’ll teach you some manners so that one day you’ll feel a most genuine need to apologise to people from the depths of your heart. You may regret having this ‘elderly lady’ around right now, but soon enough you will thank me for teaching you how to behave like a normal human being! Not only that, I'll show you exactly what I can do, not only as a Haravatat scholar, but also as a machinist. I'll show you the heights my Vairambhaka gear can achieve!”

“Are you done?” he replied, clearly unimpressed by her spiel. “I have better things to do than to listen to you mouthing off.”

”Hmph, first you tell me I’m not wordy enough and now you tell me it’s too much?”

”Whatever,” he shrugged and turned away. “It’s time for my tea break, so if you’ll excuse me…”

“Ohh,” Faruzan chimed. “So you do know at least some polite words. Well, I’ll leave you to your tea then. It was a pleasure to meet you, Hat guy!”

“That’s not-“ he sighed, and shook his head. “The pleasure’s aaall mine,” he drawled sarcastically. “Ginger-snap.”

”Rattlecap.”

”You just had to have the last word,” he grumbled softly as he suddenly flew away. 

Drat. She couldn’t even get a last word in. 

No matter. Faruzan felt a certain sense of satisfaction for finally confronting the ruffian until she realised what exactly transpired. Is this what the youngsters call ‘winning an argument in your head’? Her final monologue did not make an ounce of sense—aside from the part where she called out his abhorrent attitude of course. Perhaps he was once right when he called her delusional, just like how he was right about their actions in the tournament and how he was right about the durability of her Vairambhaka gear. 

Any lesser person would falter—and perhaps even break down crying—but she was the great madam Faruzan and failing was not in her vocabulary. Now she had already promised him she’d show him a new and improved Vairambhaka gear and a liar she was not. He may have won this round, but the next time she saw him she’d be even more prepared. He would eat his words, that brattish muddle-pate!

This little confrontation wasn't for naught. It had opened her eyes to her flaws as a researcher and provided her with insight on her enemy.

He was crass, but not stupid, and he seemed to have a pretty good idea of who she was. He was very specific with his jabs towards her. Was this knowledge all because of her infamy, or did he do some research on her too? He didn’t seem to have any interest in her at all, but maybe it was because of her continued persistence that he felt the need to do a little homework as well. 

He also called her gingersnap. When was the last time she heard that word?

Faruzan caught herself smiling.

“Another day, another puzzle to solve.”